.TH "NT_2dim_histogram_o" 3 "Wed Nov 17 2010" "Version 0.5" "NetTrader" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NT_2dim_histogram_o \- 
.PP
\fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <nt_2dim_histogram_obj.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBNT_o\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP (\fBNTsize\fP numBinsA, \fBNTreal\fP minA, \fBNTreal\fP maxA, \fBNTsize\fP numBinsB, \fBNTreal\fP minB, \fBNTreal\fP maxB)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP (const \fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP &original)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP &right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~NT_2dim_histogram_o\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTreturn\fP \fBReset\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fINo descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTreal\fP \fBShannonEntropy\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fINo descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTsize\fP \fBBinValue\fP (\fBNTreal\fP valueA, \fBNTreal\fP valueB)"
.br
.RI "\fINo descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBShow\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fINo descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMatrix\fP< \fBNTreal\fP > \fBPDF\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fINo descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTsize\fP \fBBinValue\fP (vector< \fBNTreal\fP > valueVec)"
.br
.RI "\fINo descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTsize\fP \fB_numBinned\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fINo descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTsize\fP \fB_numUnbinned\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBBug\fP
.RS 4
unknown 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
unknown 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file nt_2dim_histogram_obj.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "NT_2dim_histogram_o::NT_2dim_histogram_o (\fBNTsize\fP numBinsA, \fBNTreal\fP minA, \fBNTreal\fP maxA, \fBNTsize\fP numBinsB, \fBNTreal\fP minB, \fBNTreal\fP maxB)"
.SS "NT_2dim_histogram_o::NT_2dim_histogram_o (const \fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP & original)"
.SS "virtual NT_2dim_histogram_o::~NT_2dim_histogram_o ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBNTsize\fP NT_2dim_histogram_o::_numBinned ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file nt_2dim_histogram_obj.h.
.PP
.nf
{return numBinned;}
.fi
.SS "\fBNTsize\fP NT_2dim_histogram_o::_numUnbinned ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file nt_2dim_histogram_obj.h.
.PP
.nf
{return numUnbinned;}
.fi
.SS "\fBNTsize\fP NT_2dim_histogram_o::BinValue (\fBNTreal\fP valueA, \fBNTreal\fP valueB)"
.SS "\fBNTsize\fP NT_2dim_histogram_o::BinValue (vector< \fBNTreal\fP > valueVec)"
.SS "const \fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP& NT_2dim_histogram_o::operator= (const \fBNT_2dim_histogram_o\fP & right)"
.SS "\fBMatrix\fP<\fBNTreal\fP> NT_2dim_histogram_o::PDF () const"
.SS "\fBNTreturn\fP NT_2dim_histogram_o::Reset ()"
.SS "\fBNTreal\fP NT_2dim_histogram_o::ShannonEntropy () const"
.SS "void NT_2dim_histogram_o::Show () const"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NetTrader from the source code.
