.TH "NT_date_o" 3 "Wed Nov 17 2010" "Version 0.5" "NetTrader" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NT_date_o \- 
.PP
Date and time class for NetTrader.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <nt_date_obj.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBNT_o\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNT_date_o\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI* offset from UTC in seconds \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNT_date_o\fP (const \fBNT_date_o\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~NT_date_o\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct tm * \fB_tm\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (ostream &os, const \fBNT_date_o\fP &self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
nsec The number of nanoseconds after the second, range between 0-999999999 sec The number of seconds after the minute, normally in the range 0 to 59, but can be up to 61 to allow for leap seconds. min The number of minutes after the hour, in the range 0 to 59. hour The number of hours past midnight, in the range 0 to 23. mday The day of the month, in the range 1 to 31. mon The number of months since January, in the range 0 to 11. year The number of years since year '0' (NOTE: Jesus of Nazareth was born in year 1 !, the first year of the second millenium is the year 2001, not the year 2000 This notatation allows us to use the year figures as usual). 
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
COMPATIBILITY: note that the Unix struct tm 
.PP
uses years since 1900 and Unix time_t 
.PP
resents the number of seconds elapsed since 00:00:00 on 
.PP
January 1, 1970, Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). wday The number of days since Sunday, in the range 0 to 6. yday The number of days since January 1, in the range 0 to 365. isdst A flag that indicates whether daylight saving time is in effect at the time described. The value is positive if daylight saving time is in effect, zero if it is not, and negative if the information is not available. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 126 of file nt_date_obj.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "NT_date_o::NT_date_o ()"
.SS "NT_date_o::NT_date_o (const \fBNT_date_o\fP &)"
.SS "NT_date_o::~NT_date_o ()"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct tm* NT_date_o::_tm () const\fC [read]\fP"
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ostream& operator<< (ostream & os, const \fBNT_date_o\fP & self)\fC [friend]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NetTrader from the source code.
