.TH "ntbp_object_obj.h" 3 "Wed Nov 17 2010" "Version 0.5" "NetTrader" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ntbp_object_obj.h \- 
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
NT bio-physics related main declaration by Ahmed Aldo Faisal (C) created 15.3.2001 
.PP
 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'nt_main.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nt_types.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nt_obj.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nt_error_obj.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nt_physical_constants.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBNTBP_object_o\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNTBP_TIMESTEP\fP   0.001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNTBP_DEBUG\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBNTBP_object_o\fP class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBNTBPcurrentType\fP { \fBNTBP_LEAK\fP, \fBNTBP_IONIC\fP, \fBNTBP_EXTERNAL\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBNTBPstochasticType\fP { \fBNTBP_DETERMINISTIC\fP, \fBNTBP_GILLESPIE\fP, \fBNTBP_LANGEVIN\fP, \fBNTBP_SINGLECHANNEL\fP, \fBNTBP_NOISYMEAN\fP, \fBNTBP_BINOMIALPOPULATION\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBNTBPdelayedPotassiumRectifierType\fP { \fBNTBP_SGA_K_CONTI\fP, \fBNTBP_SGA_SCHNEIDMAN\fP, \fBNTBP_SGA_K_LLANO\fP, \fBNTBP_SNAIL\fP, \fBNTBP_FROG_RANVIER1\fP, \fBNTBP_FROG_RANVIER2\fP, \fBNTBP_FROG_RANVIER3\fP, \fBNTBP_FROG_MUSCLE\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTreal\fP \fBNTBP_TemperatureRateRelation\fP (\fBNTreal\fP temp, \fBNTreal\fP q10)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTreal\fP \fBNTBP_TemperatureRateRelation\fP (\fBNTreal\fP temp, \fBNTreal\fP baseTemp, \fBNTreal\fP q10)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTreal\fP \fBNTBP_LengthConstantPassiveCable\fP (\fBNTreal\fP diameter, \fBNTreal\fP rAxoplasmic, \fBNTreal\fP gLeak)"
.br
.RI "\fICompute length constant in muMeter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBNTreal\fP \fBNTBP_STD_TEMPERATURE\fP = 6.3"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
Definition in file \fBntbp_object_obj.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define NTBP_DEBUG   1"\fBBug\fP
.RS 4
unknown 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
unknown TIMESTEP SHOULD BECOME STATIC! FOR GLOBAL CHANGES! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file ntbp_object_obj.h.
.SS "#define NTBP_TIMESTEP   0.001"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file ntbp_object_obj.h.
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBNTBPcurrentType\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_LEAK \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_IONIC \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_EXTERNAL \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file ntbp_object_obj.h.
.PP
.nf
{NTBP_LEAK, NTBP_IONIC, NTBP_EXTERNAL};
.fi
.SS "enum \fBNTBPdelayedPotassiumRectifierType\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_SGA_K_CONTI \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_SGA_SCHNEIDMAN \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_SGA_K_LLANO \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_SNAIL \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_FROG_RANVIER1 \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_FROG_RANVIER2 \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_FROG_RANVIER3 \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_FROG_MUSCLE \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file ntbp_object_obj.h.
.PP
.nf
                                       {NTBP_SGA_K_CONTI, // squid giant axon by Conti et al. (1975)
                                        NTBP_SGA_SCHNEIDMAN, // values used by Schneidman et al. (1998)
                                        NTBP_SGA_K_LLANO, // squid giant axon by Llano et al. (1988)
                                        NTBP_SNAIL, // snail neuron by Reuter & Stevens (1980)
                                        NTBP_FROG_RANVIER1, // frog ranvier node by Begenisich & Stevens (1975)
                                        NTBP_FROG_RANVIER2, // frog ranvier node by Neumcke ety al. (1980)
                                        NTBP_FROG_RANVIER3, // frog ranvier node by Vogel et al. (1991)
                                        NTBP_FROG_MUSCLE // frog skeletal muscle by Standen et al. (1985)
                                        };
.fi
.SS "enum \fBNTBPstochasticType\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_DETERMINISTIC \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_GILLESPIE \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_LANGEVIN \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_SINGLECHANNEL \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_NOISYMEAN \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINTBP_BINOMIALPOPULATION \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ntbp_object_obj.h.
.PP
.nf
{NTBP_DETERMINISTIC, NTBP_GILLESPIE, NTBP_LANGEVIN, NTBP_SINGLECHANNEL, NTBP_NOISYMEAN, NTBP_BINOMIALPOPULATION };
.fi
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBNTreal\fP NTBP_LengthConstantPassiveCable (\fBNTreal\fP diameter, \fBNTreal\fP rAxoplasmic, \fBNTreal\fP gLeak)"
.SS "\fBNTreal\fP NTBP_TemperatureRateRelation (\fBNTreal\fP temp, \fBNTreal\fP q10)"
.SS "\fBNTreal\fP NTBP_TemperatureRateRelation (\fBNTreal\fP temp, \fBNTreal\fP baseTemp, \fBNTreal\fP q10)"
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBNTreal\fP \fBNTBP_STD_TEMPERATURE\fP = 6.3"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file ntbp_object_obj.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NetTrader from the source code.
